feat: update Mercure docs (#1608)
shopware/docs: products/digital-sales-rooms/setup-3rd-party/realtime-service-mercure.md

## Setup hub

> There are different ways to set up Mercure, we introduce some fastest ways as listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different ways to set up Mercure; we choose the quickest and easiest for you below:
```

### Setup via Docker

::: warning

> Use different publisher and subscriber keys in production mode for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, use different publisher and subscriber keys in production mode.
```

:::

> You can clone our [local-mercure-sample](https://github.com/shopware/local-mercure-sample) and run it by docker-compose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can clone our [local-mercure-sample](https://github.com/shopware/local-mercure-sample) and run it with docker-compose.
```
